Add documentation for the math syntax (#456)
calliope-project/calliope: docs/custom_math/syntax.md

    - If you want inflows at a node `my_node` to be at least as much as the inflows in the previous timestep: `flow_in[nodes=my_node] >= roll(flow_in[nodes=my_node], timesteps=1)`.

### Slicing data

You do not need to define the sets of math components in expressions, unless you are actively "slicing" them.
Behind the scenes, we will make sure that every relevant element of the defined `foreach` sets are matched together when applying the expression (we [merge the underlying xarray DataArrays](https://docs.xarray.dev/en/stable/user-guide/combining.html)).
Slicing math components involves appending the component with square brackets that contain the slices, e.g. `flow_out[carriers=electricity, nodes=[A, B]]` will slice the `flow_out` decision variable to focus on `electricity` in its `carriers` dimension and only has two nodes (`A` and `B`) on its `nodes` dimension.
To find out what dimensions you can slice a component on, see your input data (`model.inputs`) for parameters and the definition for decision variables in your loaded math dictionary (`model.math.variables`).

> ### Helper functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Helper functions
```

> As with [`where` strings][where-strings], there are many [helper function](https://calliope.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api_reference/#calliopebackendhelper_functions-math-formulation-helper-functions) available to use in expressions, to allow for more complex operations to be undertaken.

Reviewer: Might be helpful to have a manually crafted table of these in addition to the link to the full API docs?

```suggestion
For [`where` strings][where-strings] and [`expression` strings][expression-strings], there are many [helper functions](../reference/api/helper_functions.md) available to use, to allow for more complex operations to be undertaken.
```

## sub-expressions

For long expressions - or those where a part of the expression might change for different component members according to a specific condition - you can define sub-expressions.
These look similar to equations; they are lists of dictionaries with `where` and `expression` strings.
They are accessed from you main expression(s) by reference to their name prepended with the special `$` character.
For example:

```yaml
equations:
  - expression: flow_out <= $adjusted_flow_in
sub_expressions:
  adjusted_flow_in:
    - where: inheritance(storage)
      # main expression becomes `flow_out <= flow_in * flow_eff`
      expression: flow_in * flow_eff
    - where: inheritance(supply)
      # main expression becomes `flow_out <= flow_in * flow_eff * parasitic_eff`
      expression: flow_in * flow_eff * parasitic_eff
    - where: inheritance(conversion)
      # main expression becomes `flow_out <= flow_in * flow_eff * 0.3`
      expression: flow_in * flow_eff * 0.3
```

!!! note

    As with [equations][], `where` strings are mixed in together.

>     If you have two equation expressions and three sub-expressions, each with two expressions, you will end up with 2*3*2 = 12 unique `where` strings with linked `expression` strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you have two equation expressions and three sub-expressions, each with two expressions, you will end up with 2 * 3 * 2 = 12 unique `where` strings with linked `expression` strings.
```
